---
layout: post
title: Road to Google
description: Professional
image: assets/images/google-austin-office.jpg
---

<pre><code>
var goal = 'Works at Google'
while (!goal){
    grind();
}
celebrate();
breathe();
while(true){
    grind();
}
</code></pre>

When I was 9 years old, my parents bought an iMac computer. Until that point, the only real experience I had with computers was the 10+ year old Windows desktop in my Dad's office that I never bothered using because it was so slow and uninteresting. I still remember hearing that power up sound and watching in awe and confusion as it booted up in under 10 seconds. I spent the rest of that day playing with this new machine that I couldn't believe existed. This was the first time I started to see the real power of the computer and how it could change my everyday life. It would be several more years until I would even consider that this was something I could make a career out of.

Fast forward to high school, I was a tech savvy student who was just dipping his toes into programming. I remember sitting in the principal's office after proposing that they offer a computer science course to the curriculum for the following semester. About 6 months later, I was sitting in the very first programming class that my school offered. At this point, I knew that working with computers was something I wanted to do for the rest of my life. Even as a sophomore, I thought a lot about what companies I would want to work for but there was one that always stood above the rest: Google. Google seemed to be the holy grail for every software engineer and I knew that's where I wanted to be.

Once I started college at Baylor University and began taking my computer science classes, I began to realize that the road to my dream job would be a long and difficult one. Several setbacks (both personal and academic) made me doubt that I would ever even get an interview with my dream company, much less be offered a position.

I applied to 30+ positions during my senior year but the only one I really cared about was ironically the one that was going the best. However, even though I felt the interviews were going well, every time I got a call from the recruiter I was completely prepared for the rejection. I was shocked every time I was informed I made it to the next round. I still can't quite described the moment I was offered a job at Google. It was a mixture of extreme excitement, relief, and confusion. The fact that I had accomplished the task that had been my biggest mission in professional life was almost too much to handle. 

Exactly a week from today, I will begin the Cloud Technical Residency program at Google. I'm incredibly excited but also a little scared. I have been waiting for this day for over a decade now and it feels surreal. I can't imagine what the future holds, but I intend to be ready for it.